George's Friend
Peppa and her friends are at the playground.
Peppa, Suzy, and Danny are on the round about.
Are you all ready?
Ready!
Then let's go!
Whee!
Faster! Faster!
George is a bit too little for the round about.
He is playing on the swing.
Here's Rebecca Rabbit with her little brother,
Richard Rabbit.
Hello everyone!
Hello!
Can I come on the round about, too?
Hop on, Rebecca.
Let's go really really fast.
Richard Rabbit wants to
go on the round about, too.
Oh, if Richard gets on,
it means we can't go fast.
Richard can play with George.
Richard,
would you like to play with George?
No.
George's dinosaur's just like yours.
Let's go and see.
Richard Rabbit is the same age as George.
Richard wants to see George's dinosaur.
Grrr... dinosaur.
George,
can Richard play with your dinosaur?
No.
Richard, can George play with yourdinosaur?
George and Richard do not want to
share their dinosaurs.
George,
it'll be much more fun if you share.
That was really nice of George.
Dinosaur.
George does not like sharing.
Richard,
let George hold the dinosaurs now.
Richard does nor like sharing, either.
What's all this crying about?
George and Richard always cry
when they play together.
They are just too little to play properly.
Can you two big girls
teach them to play together?
Of course we can help them
make sand castles.
Good idea!
Let's go to the sand pit!
George and Richard love the sand pit!
George, Richard, today we are
going to make sand castles.
First, we fill the buckets with sand.
We turn the buckets over
and give them a little tap.
Now we lift the buckets.
Hey presto!
Richard has made a sand castle.
And George has made a sand castle.
You see, playing together is fun.
Oh dear!
This game has not gone very well.
It was your brother's fault.
He broke George's sand castle.
Squeak! Your brother,
broke my brother's sand castle first.
Now, Now,
you two big girls are meant to be teaching
Richard and George to play nicely together.
That. S right.
We are big girls.
And George and Richard are too little
to play together properly.
Humm, I've got an idea.
George, what's your most favorite thing
in the whole playground?
Seesaw!
George loves the seesaw.
Seesaw.
It is a bit difficult to
play on the seesaw on yourown.
Richard wants to play on the seesaw.
Seesaw.
Look!
George and Richard are playing together!
Seesaw.
George likes Richard.
Richard likes George.
George and Richard like playing together.
Seesaw.